you already lost sharing with you and they are
children
hello how about i just read and this is japan
eastick share nothing with you
welcome to my classroom here in
Japan and will give you a mini tour of my area
where I give my classes here is where
wash their hands or rinse
flannels when the sun has to clean
it's a little dark so let me
turn on the lights so the room has
better lighting I just had a
class and turned off the lights to conserve
good energy this is the television and the
for computer use
lessons we have projectors between
other things to teach classes and these
things always help to give a better
lesson in this room fit like
around 35 students this blackboard is
which I use that is adjustable
impressing this lever that is here
down you can adjust the level of luisa
break the shortest of stature of
I really enjoy teaching and it has been
one of the best experiences in my
life teaching classes here in japan
and well these are all the materials
that I have at hand is fabulous to have
all this to be able to give the best
lessons we have two recesses as of 20
minutes each and some of my
students come to the classroom during
their recess because they want to talk
with me and I have a very nice relationship
with my students and my students are
very important to me those are my
walt here in the schools we wear a
Pair of shoes that are only used inside
of the school and these are mine are
my sandals some wear tennis but
as it starts to make some heat
I'm wearing these sandals for
keep my feet cool hits once
I met a person who told me that
foreigners who teach English do not
we have an important role that we only give
classes we practice a little bit with the
students and we go and that's it
but it's not like that there are good teachers and
bad teachers good teachers we
we care about our students and
we want to give the best of us
I personally
I give the best of me and I have a relationship
very beautiful with my students and I have them
a lot of love
I've learned a lot about the life of
this country its culture and what it is to grow
and be a child or teenager here in
japan and that's thanks to my students I
I always give the best of myself and I worry
for them good that's all for the day
today I remember you I have two channels
plus all Japanese and Japanese tec them
I'm going to leave the links to those channels and
social networks down on instruction
I am leo and this is japan eastick
sharing with you bye